chore: Added known issue for birth publish on modem detect (#5134)
eclipse/kura: kura/distrib/RELEASE_NOTES.txt

  * c3a3bfe624 - Updated org.xerial:sqlite-jdbc to 3.42.0.0 (#4721) (nicolatimeus)

Known Issues:

>   * The republish.mqtt.birth.cert.on.modem.detect property in the CloudService configuration is not available for devices that use NetworkManager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The republish.mqtt.birth.cert.on.modem.detect property in the CloudService configuration is not supported for devices that use NetworkManager. The property value is ignored.
```
